README.md, before:

# Flight Reservation System (Java)

This project simulates a small section of a real-world airline reservation system.  
It allows users to search flights, book seats, and view their reservations using a simple console interface.

The focus of this exercise was to demonstrate clean object-oriented design, test coverage, and maintainable code.

---

## 🧩 Features

- Search flights by destination and date  
- Book seats on a flight (with seat-availability validation)  
- View all reservations for a customer  
- In-memory storage for flights and reservations  
- Unit tests using JUnit 5  

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- Java 17  
- JUnit 5  
- Maven or Gradle (your choice)  

---

## ▶️ Running the Application

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/flight-reservation-system.git
```
2 .Compile & run:
```bash
cd flight-reservation-system
mvn clean install
mvn exec:java
```

📌 Future Enhancements

Integration with a real database

REST API layer

Web UI instead of console

Pricing rules & seat classes

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and feature highlights
Updated project description and added features list.

README.md, after:

# Flight Reservation System (Java)

A console-based flight reservation system built in Java that allows users to search for flights, book reservations, and manage their bookings.
Features

Search Flights: Search for available flights by destination and date
Book Flights: Reserve seats on available flights
View Reservations: View all reservations for a specific customer
Real-time Seat Management: Prevents overbooking with synchronized booking operations

The focus of this exercise was to demonstrate clean object-oriented design, test coverage, and maintainable code.

---

## 🧩 Features

- Search flights by destination and date  
- Book seats on a flight (with seat-availability validation)  
- View all reservations for a customer  
- In-memory storage for flights and reservations  
- Unit tests using JUnit 5  

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- Java 17  
- JUnit 5  
- Maven or Gradle (your choice)  

---

## ▶️ Running the Application

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/flight-reservation-system.git
```
2 .Compile & run:
```bash
cd flight-reservation-system
mvn clean install
mvn exec:java
```

📌 Future Enhancements

Integration with a real database

REST API layer

Web UI instead of console

Pricing rules & seat classes
